= Getting started with Eduamp API
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toc-title: Table of Content
:toclevels: 4

This is the documentation for eduamp APIs.

== Account

=== Create user if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreate_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreate_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreate_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreate_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreate_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreate_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Login user if credentials are valid

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allow_ifValidCredentials/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allow_ifValidCredentials/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allow_ifValidCredentials/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allow_ifValidCredentials/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allow_ifValidCredentials/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allow_ifValidCredentials/response-body.adoc[]

=== Validify user

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowUser_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowUser_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowUser_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowUser_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUser_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUser_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Logout if valid session

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_logout_ifValidSession/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_logout_ifValidSession/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_logout_ifValidSession/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_logout_ifValidSession/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_logout_ifValidSession/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_logout_ifValidSession/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject creation of user if admin is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject creation of user if user already exists

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifUserAlreadyExists/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifUserAlreadyExists/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifUserAlreadyExists/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifUserAlreadyExists/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifUserAlreadyExists/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreate_ifUserAlreadyExists/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject user if credentials are invalid

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifInvalidCredentials/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifInvalidCredentials/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifInvalidCredentials/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifInvalidCredentials/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifInvalidCredentials/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifInvalidCredentials/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject user if invalid token

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_reject_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject user if user is unauthorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUser_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUser_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUser_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUser_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUser_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUser_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Invalid Session

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_throwError_ifInvalidSession/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_throwError_ifInvalidSession/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_throwError_ifInvalidSession/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_throwError_ifInvalidSession/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_throwError_ifInvalidSession/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_throwError_ifInvalidSession/response-body.adoc[]

== Topic

=== Allow create if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateTopic_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateTopic_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateTopic_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateTopic_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateTopic_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateTopic_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Allow fetch if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopic_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopic_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopic_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopic_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopic_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopic_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Fetch topics if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopics_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopics_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopics_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopics_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopics_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchTopics_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Allow update of topic if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateTopic_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateTopic_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateTopic_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateTopic_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateTopic_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateTopic_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Allow delete if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteTopic_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteTopic_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteTopic_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteTopic_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteTopic_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteTopic_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject create if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject delete if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetch topic if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetch topics if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopics_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopics_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopics_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopics_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopics_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchTopics_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject update topic if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateTopic_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject patch topic if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectPatchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectPatchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectPatchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectPatchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectPatchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectPatchTopic_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject delete topics if topic does not exist

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotExists/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotExists/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotExists/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotExists/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotExists/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteTopic_ifNotExists/response-body.adoc[]

== Game Map

=== Allow creation of game map if user is authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateGameMap_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateGameMap_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateGameMap_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateGameMap_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateGameMap_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateGameMap_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Allow fetching of game map if user is authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchGameMaps_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchGameMaps_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchGameMaps_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchGameMaps_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchGameMaps_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchGameMaps_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Delete game map by question

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Allow deletion of game map if user is authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMap_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMap_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMap_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMap_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMap_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteGameMap_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetching of game map if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetching of game maps if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMaps_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMaps_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMaps_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMaps_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMaps_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchGameMaps_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject delete game map by question if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject delete game map by question if question does not exist

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotExists/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotExists/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotExists/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotExists/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotExists/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMapByQuestion_ifNotExists/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject deleting of game map if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject deletion of game map if game map does not exist

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotExists/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotExists/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotExists/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotExists/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotExists/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteGameMap_ifNotExists/response-body.adoc[]

== Learning Material

=== Create Learning Material if Authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Delete learning material if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowDeleteLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Fetch learning material if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Fetch learning materials if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterials_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterials_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterials_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterials_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterials_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchLearningMaterials_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Allow update of learning material if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateLearningMaterial_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject create learning material if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject delete learning material if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject delete learning material if it does not exist

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotExists/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotExists/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotExists/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotExists/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotExists/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectDeleteLearningMaterial_ifNotExists/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetching of learning materials if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetch learning material if user is not authorized

=== Reject fetch learning material if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchLearningMaterial_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject updating of learning material if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateLearningMaterials_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

== Question

=== Create question if Authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateQuestion_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateQuestion_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateQuestion_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowCreateQuestion_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Fetch question if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestion_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestion_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestion_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestion_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Fetch questions by game map id if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Update question if authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateQuestion_ifAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateQuestion_ifAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateQuestion_ifAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateQuestion_ifAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_allowUpdateQuestion_ifAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject creation of question if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectCreateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetch question if not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject fetch questions by game map id if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectFetchQuestionsByGameMapId_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]

=== Reject updating of question if user is not authorized

.Request sample with curl
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/curl-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with http
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-request.adoc[]

.Request sample with httpie
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/httpie-request.adoc[]

.HTTP response
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/http-response.adoc[]

.Request sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/request-body.adoc[]

.Response sample
include::{snippets}/should_rejectUpdateQuestion_ifNotAuthorized/response-body.adoc[]
